DAN (VOICEOVER): Since our return
to Earth after defeating Zenoheld,
a whole lot has happened.
The most exciting thing is that Bakugan Interspace finally
went online globally, allowing kids from all over the world
to show their battling skills in a safe and friendly
environment.
Unfortunately, it seems like not everyone
wants this virtual realm to remain happy and free.
A mysterious evil force from another world
has infiltrated Bakugan Interspace
and is trying to take over.
OK, buddy. Let's do this.
All right.
Bakugan Brawl!
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, This is the final stand.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
OK.
This should do it.
What the--
Whoa.
[screams]
[whimpers]
What the--
Uh.
We just got forced out of Bakugan Interspace.
But how?
What is going on, dude?
I have no idea.
REN (ON COMM): Then let me explain.
[gasps]
As of this moment, Bakugan Interspace
is now under my sole control.
[music playing]
DAN (VOICEOVER): Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Twin Attack.\"
Say what?
Are you serious, Marucho?
Yes.
It looks like the Battle Brawlers were the only ones
that Ren and the Gundalians forced
out of Bakugan Interspace.
The rest of the kids in there have no idea that it's been
taken over by hostile forces.
Whoa, Shun.
Oh.
Kids are still diving in like normal because they don't
know that anything is wrong.
Fabia is with you too?
Why did you guys all get ejected to the same place?
Huh?
What's that sound?
[whirring]
Huh?
What the-- what's going on?
[gasps] Oh my!
Hey, what's all the commotion?
Whoa.
We thought it would be easier for us to come to you.
So this is where Dan lives now, huh?
I dig it.
Must be sweet living so close to the ocean.
Aren't you going to introduce me to your new friends, guys?
Of course.
Everyone, this is Dan's mother, Miyoko.
Greetings.
I'm Ventus Hawktor.
Nice to meet you.
Hey there, Mama Kuso.
What's happening?
My name's Akwimos.
I'm Haos Aranaut.
It's a pleasure to meet you, my lady.
Well, aren't you the perfect gentleman?
[giggles]
Why, hello there, ma'am.
My name is Fabia Sheen, and I'm visiting from Neathia.
Oh, Neathia.
Uh, right.
I think that's where my cousin went on her honeymoon.
I don't mean to be rude, but we're
kinda on a tight schedule.
I hope you understand.
Ready to go?
[propellers whirring]
REN: Welcome to Bakugan Interspace,
the world's first and only 100% virtual amusement
park created just for you.
Experience thrilling battle with other--
Ugh.
Lying traitor.
[beeping]
COMPUTER: Access denied.
This user ID is no longer valid.
[groans] No go.
Dan the Man.
It's blocked over there too.
Dan, we have to do something and quickly.
Otherwise, all these kids are going
to wind up becoming soldiers for the Gundalian Forces.
I know.
Hang on.
Dan!
Hey, you guys.
[gasping]
Listen up, everyone.
Hey, isn't that Dan?
Yeah. Yeah.
From the Brawlers.
Bakugan Interspace has been taken
over by some very bad dudes.
Anyone who enters it is in serious danger,
so I want you to all head home instead.
OK?
Is he serious?
Uh.
I'm pretty sure that he is.
SEIN: [grunts]
Huh?
Forget that dude.
Yeah, forget that.
Look at that, buddy.
Tell me exactly where you see the danger.
LEWIN: Yeah.
Looks like everyone's having fun to me.
[grumbles]
They're right.
They all look fine in there. - Yeah.
Yeah.
I agree.
I'm going in anyway.
[gasps]
Hey, Dan.
We can't be sure that's a live feed we're seeing.
Huh.
Guys, I'm telling you, it's all a trick.
Ha.
What are you really afraid of Dan?
Is the presence of being number one getting to you?
Worried one of us might beat you, big man?
Yeah.
I bet that's it.
[groans]
Who knew the great Dan Kuso was a chicken?
Hey, wait a sec.
Don't do it.
[shouts]
Come back.
[banging]
Let's go.
[clamoring]
Huh?
What the-- are you guys nuts?
It's a trap.
Dan the Man, leave this to me, buddy.
[shouting]
[grunting]
[clamoring]
There.
Now, you can go ahead shut it down, little Maruch.
Uh.
That's easier said than done.
Ren has seized complete control of the system.
REN: Welcome back, you guys.
So it's absolutely impossible for me
to shut it down from here.
Well, I may not know as much about computers as you do,
but let's try. - Yeah.
Uh, Jake.
Applying some pressure like this!
REN: --with other kids from around the globe.
We hope you enjoy your stay.
[voice distorts]
Not too shabby, huh, guys?
[laughs]
Hey, Marucho, how come you never told us about this room
before?
It looks like a remote command center.
MARUCHO: That's exactly what it is.
We built one of those above every access point
but haven't found the need to use them, until now that is.
Awesome, dude.
So this could be like our own private oasis.
I think a base of operations would be more practical.
Your actions back there were a bit overly extreme, Jake.
Maybe.
But at least now there's no more kids
going into Bakugan Interspace.
That's true.
But it also means the ones who are currently
in there can't come out either.
Wha--
That's not entirely true.
We know for sure that Ren had figured out a way
to get the kids out using something
other than the access points.
Thanks to Jake, at least, we've minimized the number of kids
he can take back to Gundalia.
Then, our focus needs to be on getting all the kids
currently in Interspace out.
Aranaut, don't you know of a way to body shift yourselves
directly into Interspace?
Yes.
Indeed, we do.
Perfect.
So why are we still standing around?
Let's jump right in and take these turkeys by surprise.
Dan, wait.
I know you're anxious to get in there,
but we really need to think this through first.
Shun's right.
We need to be cautious.
What if one of us snuck in to do some surveillance first,
then reported back to us?
Great.
Leave it to me, guys.
Let's go, Drago.
Hold up a second, Dan.
Huh?
Aw, what is it now, Drago?
I don't have the ability to body
shift myself into Interspace like the others do.
Huh?
Dan the Man, just let me go and do it.
OK?
It's my fault we can't bring those kids
back the much easier way.
Coredem, you can jump right in, right?
Yes, absolutely.
Cool.
Let's all go together then.
Hold on to me tight, Jake.
Dan, you hold on to Drago now.
And then grab Jake's hand.
JAKE: I got you, bro.
And I got you, pal.
COREDEM: Whatever you do, don't let go.
They just disappeared.
I guess it worked, and they're on their way.
Yes.
JAKE: It's rescue time, Coredem.
Yeah!
DAN: Hang on, everyone.
We're coming to get you.
JAKE: Looks like we totally made it.
Sweet.
It worked, dude.
Hm?
What the heck happened here?
Hm.
Looks like our guests have finally arrived.
Dan and Jake.
How ironic this is.
They get caught on the same security cameras
they installed to catch us.
I love it.
[laughs]
DAN: Huh.
I don't see Ren or any of the other Gundalians.
Yes, it's just kids.
It's very strange.
Something doesn't feel right.
Maybe it's a trap.
GIRL: Excuse me.
Did you guys want to battle us?
Yeah, sure.
[gasps] OK.
Well, come with us then.
We'll take you somewhere really cool.
Hm.
What was that?
Whoa.
Check it.
It's happening again and again.
Did you see the eyes on those kids asking to do battle?
Totally creepy.
I saw that too.
DRAGO: It's just like the team you battled
who'd been brainwashed by Ren.
They're hypnotizing kids to recruit
other battlers for them.
We're going to put a stop to this right now.
Ren, come out and show your face.
I know you can hear me, creep.
Quit hiding and come out and fight me.
Aren't you going to answer?
Ren!
You lousy coward!
Huh?
Ah.
You two.
So we meet again.
Maybe we should introduce ourselves this time, brother.
My name's Sein Pam.
Yeah.
And I'm his younger twin, Lewin.
You can save all the screaming and shouting.
Master Ren won't be coming.
Master Ren, huh?
Why not?
Because we'll be the ones battling you instead.
Look at their eyes, Dan.
It's obvious.
Ren has gotten to them as well.
How could you give up a leading
role to those two understudies?
I don't get you sometimes, Ren.
Don't you want to crack at the Brawlers
after all the smack they've been talking about you?
Once again, Sid, you are completely missing
the point of the exercise.
We're here to find powerful battlers to turn into soldiers,
not to battle Dan and the others.
Then why don't we just grab the Brawlers
and brainwash them too?
So what do you say then, huh, smart guy?
How many times must I explain this to you, Sid?
A battler fighting under hypnosis
only performs at 75% capacity.
We needed 100%, which meant I had to recruit them
of their own free will, and it was all going fine
until Princess Fabia showed up.
This will be a good opportunity to see the fighting
potential of the Pam twins.
And if they do manage to defeat the Brawlers,
I'm sure the emperor will be happy with the new addition
to his army.
Hmph.
You always have an answer for everything.
Don't you, Ren?
[chuckles] Act one is about to begin.
Dan the Man, these two should totally snap out
of it if we beat them, right?
Well, that's what happened last time.
COMPUTER: Taylor lifeforce, zero.
Ow.
[groans]
So fingers crossed, we can make it happen again.
ANNOUNCER: The Bakugan battle featuring
Dan and Jake versus Sein and Lewin will now begin.
Bakugan field open.
I'll go first, brother.
Gate Card, set.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Go Darkus Volt Elezoid.
Holy snap, dude.
That thing's a Bakugan.
Better be ready for him to be just as tough as he is ugly.
I know.
Let's do this, Coredem.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Say hi to Subterra Coredem.
Let's take him, Elezoid.
Ability activate.
Sheraseinian Bind.
[grunts]
Coredem.
Knock it off.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Kick it, Pyrus Helix Dragonoid.
[roars]
Not so fast.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Go Ventus Longfly.
Ability, activate.
Sonic Missile.
Ugh.
Ah!
Ha!
We're perfectly prepared for a Pyrus offensive.
What's that supposed to mean?
Sit back and watch.
Gate Card, open.
Pyrus Spotting Out.
[groaning]
Oh no.
He used the command card that drops
the power levels of Bakugan with the Pyrus attribute.
[grunts] My power!
DAN: Drago, get up.
OK.
Now, Longfly, take out Drago, while we've
still got him paralyzed.
Come on, Drago.
[grunts]
Ugh.
I got this.
COMPUTER: Ready, Rock Hammer.
Battle Gear Boost.
Eat this.
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
Rock Hammer Beo-Blaster.
[blasting]
What the--
He got us.
Thanks for the help, Coredem.
That was close.
No problem, brother.
Brother?
Hey, Dan.
Let's finish this and wake those dudes up from their nightmare.
You bet.
Gate Card, set.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Let's go, Subterra Coredem.
Let's do it, Drago.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
[roaring]
Ha!
Your Bakugan may call each other brother.
But we'll show you how a true brotherhood works.
Sit back and watch.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan stand.
Rise, Ventus Zip Zam.
[roars]
Curses.
[screeches]
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Meet Darkus Ramdol.
[growls]
[wheels screech]
What?
They pulled out another new Bakugan.
You ain't seen nothing yet, buddy.
Get ready to have your mind blown.
BOTH: Ability, activate.
Dual Battle.
Ability, activate.
Chain Whip.
[shouts]
Ability, activate.
Extreme Illumination.
[groaning]
Jake, we got to stop this thing right now.
Yep.
Gate card, open.
Subterra Battle Audience.
[wheel grinding]
Whoa.
What's this?
This command card changes the battle environment
into whichever attribute I choose
and camouflages the Bakugan on my side to the same attribute.
Ho ho.
Hey, where'd they go?
Just watch out, Ramdol.
It's too late.
We're already here!
[screeches]
Nice.
Coredem really knows how to throw down.
Yes.
Now, it's my turn.
Ability, activate.
Strike Tornado.
[whirring]
Whoa.
Talk about scorched earth.
And I'm not done yet.
COMPUTER: Ready JetKor.
Battle Gear Boost.
[roars]
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
JetKor Delta.
DRAGO: Objective lock on.
Engage.
[explosion]
BOTH: [screaming]
Hmph.
ANNOUNCER: Battle over.
Winner, Dan and Jake.
Oh yeah.
Grrr.
Hey.
You guys OK?
Man, my head feels totally weird and fuzzy.
Mine too.
What happened?
I don't remember anything after we both jumped in.
Jake, we got them back.
Well, that was a disappointing climax.
No curtain call tonight.
REN: I guess I chose poorly.
The twins were mightier with words than action.
I guess you're destined to face the Brawlers
in battle after all.
I look forward to that one.
[laughs]
Dan and Jake sure have been gone a long time.
I wonder if Ren and the others found them.
Huh?
[digital fizzling]
Dan!
Jake!
So are those--
The boys who ignored your warnings about going
into Bakugan Interspace?
Yep.
They're brainwashed by Ren like the last guys we fought.
Luckily, we won, so we were able to snap them out of it.
Now, do you believe us?
That place is super dangerous, OK?
Says who, pal?
We don't remember a thing.
OK?
Are you kidding me?
You goofs still think we're lying to you?
Easy there, Jake.
But Dan--
They've been through enough today already.
We'll make sure one day you'll be able to safely battle again
inside Interspace, but until then promise
me you won't dive in again.
OK?
OK.
We won't.
There were so many others like them inside.
We're going back.
REN (VOICEOVER): Perhaps, if the Battle Brawlers knew
about the darkness of where I came from, they
wouldn't be so quick to judge.
Linehalt and I used to spend our days dreaming of escape.
And now, it finally looks like that might be a possibility.
I don't care who I have to go up against, friend or foe.
I won't let them stand in my way.
Now, that Marucho has infiltrated
Bakugan Interspace again.
Perhaps, it's time that I share the truth with him.
Why don't you tune in and see what I decide?
Bakugan Brawl.
Out of the Darkness.
[theme music]